The seven triages of the Dhanu are the spiritual or seven triages of the Dhanu. First is Devotion,
or head. F-A-I-C-H-E-N. Second is morality, and the third is generosity or sharing.
And the fourth is the learning or studying. And the fifth is self-respect. And the next one is
respect to the others.
And seventh is worship. Those are known as seven triages or seven luxuries of the Dharma or the
virtues. For that reason, the great master Nagarjuna, in his letter to his friend, he said,
"This seven," he listed, and he told, "This is the Supreme Luxury College that was taught by the
great teacher." Great teacher taught. That means Buddha taught. These are the seven triages.
For that reason, you keep these seven triages. This is seven triages. If we have these seven, seven
triages, our spiritual Dharma practice is really going to go well, so well. I guarantee it to you.
But this is seven triages. The first is Devotion, or head. And the third is called Deva. Deva is
devotion. Deva, devotion, or head, is so important.
At the beginning of time, in the middle, and end. That means, at the beginning of practice, we need
devotion, or head. We need a path where you practice, for that reason, I'm talking, where you
practice for now, one year or two years, we continually need a path.
He continuously. At the path, we need to fulfilment. Without the path, we want to fulfilment. Even
we practice for a year, two years, without our path, without kind of lack of the pathness, then we
retire from Dharma.
Many times that happens. Those older, when you become practicing for quite a while, when you're in
a young town, or when they're not retiring, practicing, when they retire from the outside, or the
professional job externally resigns, at the same time, they retire from the spiritual activities.
Really that, because the devotion of head is so shallow, so weak. And if that happens, according to
Buddhism, Buddha's teaching, that is obstacle. Obstacle is really blocking our path, preventing our
path. Immediately that.
So trying to keep up this train, along with that, we all know, we heard so many, these poor,
renowned, renowned second thoughts, very sly, precious, this immanent, cause and the effect of the
inevitable, and the samsara has challenged the difficulty.
Reflecting those, as much as we can, our mind, these poor points, is really so powerful. And we
have the truly understanding of the meaning of the precious lives of ourselves. We won't spoil our
life, waste our lives. We see how precious it is.
Then second is the empowerment. Even though we have precious lives, precious, these beautiful
things, but it's not going to last forever. Therefore, take the moment, take the time right now.
Now is the time. It's not something. Next time is not. Next time is not time. Now is time. Now this
time is our capabilities, our reign. We have every capabilities to do what we like to do now.
Future is not exactly sure, but now is really the most important time. Therefore, see the precious
time and practice. And together with that, cause and effect are inevitable. All cause and results
are inevitable.
Is that externally true? When you have good cause or perfect cause and perfect conviction, we don't
have to have doubt, not develop the result or prove it.
The same thing is spiritual. Dharma same thing. If we have perfect cause and conviction, it really
drains the result.
Also, in the teachings said, we have perfect knowledge of this cause and conviction in our temple.
Ourself, each of ourself, becomes more mindfulness, more power to our actions and ourself, ourself.
So we become more. So that means we become ourself as teachers, to ourself, support. We become the
support to ourself.
Well, that's what the great teacher Buddha said also in the teaching. I show you the path, where to
go, but now is your path. You have to apply.
But realization is your hand. It's not that Buddha will take us by hand, throw a home. We have to
apply.
Allah Nation is our hand. And then, next one, Samsara has troubles. Samsara has challenges. This is
the one called Samsara, called Buddhism.
There is always challenge. No matter what we are, what situation, where we are, even in human
realms, in animal realm, whole realm, the other realms, so many troubles.
God's realm too. There is so much troubles at the end of their lives, at the core of the teaching.
But the human realm is mixed. So many things going on. We know that.
For that reason, we have courage, commitment, confidence, and reverse the situation.
Not reverse the situation externally. Because the great teacher Buddha said, it's all our mind.
If we start changing from the mind, it will reverse. Change.
So those are, for example, these devotions, faith are related.
For those reasons, in every practice teaching that you know, we know, we all heard some, and always
reflecting the four points.
Many times, we can't really, can't really think. All those are very common. All those are basic
things.
But basic things is so important. That's what we are standing. It's so practical.
Really, if we ignore the basic things, then we won't get the advanced things.
So therefore, it started from this number one, at the beginning, from the A, and then all the
letter will follow, until the Z.
That's how it's really done. And the next one is, then, this morality.
Morality is the ground foundation of all the spiritual growths.
It's so important. I call it Buddhism. Conduct is so important.
That's why it is what the great teacher, the Buddha said, I'm going to give.
The first is teachings. It starts with morality. Morality. Morality teaches.
And then, of course, morality can be made.
The principle of morality teaching is, is avoiding all the negative activities.
Morality that will avoid all the negative activities, by verbally, and physically,
and also mentally trying as much as you can, as much as we can.
Please try to avoid that.
Every moment mentally is developed, even though it's not activated externally,
but also moment is happening, and we're recognized by our mindfulness, our awareness,
or we can detect that, and immediately, that is called.
That is called. And morality, that's now. How that?
It is, again, it's called teaching in Buddhism. It's the ground of the Dharma, spiritual ground.
With all the good moralities, spiritual practice will become bodily, bodily.
And therefore, with our courage and commitment, with aspiration, try to keep the morality as much
as you can.
The symbol itself, avoiding all the negative activities, directly, indirectly,
that hurt the others, or as well as ourself.
And performing the positive, beneficial activities, as much as we can, that hurt the others,
and as well as ourself. Those are all the moralities.
And then, next one is...
Then, generosity is sharing. That means sharing things. What do we have?
And that is, in a Buddhism, in Mahārāja teaching, sharing the material objects,
and sharing the knowledge, and sharing with your capabilities, or your skills.
And really, again, bodhicap, sharing that with your bodhicap.
According to your capabilities, according to the readiness of that, so share, give to the others.
Others, your heart is open, and as much as you can do, holding that, and that is generosity, wealth
of generosity.
What is this? It's opening our grasping and clinging, kind of the illusion of grasping, clinging.
And then, also, it is great, very true activities, very true activities.
The next one is...
And studying is, the whole Buddhism is really important.
Even though, generally, there is, like according to the New Mahārāja teaching,
or the practical lineage, always there is yoga.
A kind of easy approach to the meditation, practice, all those big instructions.
And it suggests this time, this is true, big instructions, big instructions.
There is not so many philosophical discussions, but you have to know what you are going to practice
.
And you have to know what are also the obstacles, hindrances of any way to practice.
So it is not carried by the kind of, like, false signs. F-A-L-S-E, I believe, forces, signs and
indications carried with that.
That kind of is really, look at you, thinking, oh, this is a great sign, why practice, this and
that thing.
Reality is really under me. Those are, in the Buddha teaching, in the Pāṇḍa Bhāramana
teaching, others say,
there are so many obstacles that can come during the practices, and there are so many kind of
emotional levels.
And the visual levels, the dream levels, this and that thing,
but it is diluting our practices and weakening our practices, practices, and then ended up there.
So therefore, no starting, and the contemplation is so important.
That's the one that becomes more stronger and solid.
So therefore, starting the teaching, starting the practice, starting one of your practices,
always a little bit more know of that, so then you have more confidence.
It's not just practices, it's not just only the blood, hair, or the belief,
but it's also something, knowledge, awareness, token of the mind.
That is really very special, special practices there, and that.
So to be, you do that. In the next one, and to be, tell me about it.
And respect to the one's own self. And also now, with respect to our, in Buddhism, in the Buddha
teaching,
respect to our one's own self, respect to the others.
And one's own self, we have respect for.
And those I call very energy, they say, this program, our body, is made out of the disease, is made
out of.
And that we know, five ugly worlds are five main Buddhas.
Five elements are five human Buddhas, where they are our limbs,
limbs and all these odd bodhisattva, male and female.
Where they are is our body.
And then in it, and there's many times more teaching in the same, cochlear,
the heart center is made out of all the pieces of Buddhas.
And then, brain is made out of all the wrath of the disease.
Those are really, actually, true, the God and the teaching.
So this is our body, it's divine made out of, or it's a temple, certainly a temple.
Therefore, we have to respect, in that way, physically.
And then also our mental level, we have to respect to ourselves.
We have to respect, for example, bodhisattva, we talk.
We talk rafuji, rafuji, bodhisattva.
We talk also with knowledge, with it, clearly knowing what we're doing.
And therefore, keeping up the rafuji, vavas, is self-respect.
Keeping up the bodhisattva is self-respect.
Bodhisattva always says, "We're going to follow you, Buddhas and bodhisattva.
You follow in that. Exactly, we're going to try to follow what you did.
Mother, we're going to follow."
Second sentence is being sent in this, we're going to do that.
Again, if we don't follow exactly, then we are kind of almost like,
what we say, what we're doing, is not making it.
It's disrespectful to our world, our world.
And all those levels, we have to respect.
And then in Mahayana teaching, this body is so important,
important to cross the river of the samsara.
And what the great Master Shanti devil said,
with the relying of the body of this body,
I will cross the river of the challenges.
And this board of the body is not always available.
Therefore, I should not rest this body.
That's what great Master Shanti devil said.
So this is so, so important.
And then self-respect is also self-respect.
Our generation can't be like family members.
And all the others, thinking of everyone,
that one don't want to be appointed.
I don't want to have to do something.
I like to keep myself strong, and that.
And that we are respected to the others.
I respect to one's own self, several respect to others.
In that way, I can respect others.
And generally, that we respect.
But at the same time, all the other rules and guidelines
and systems, there are so many different things,
but we also respect through all those rules, guidelines.
And whatever those is, if we are associated with that,
we should respect and follow that, our best capabilities.
And if we follow that risk, then what cause?
Also, our uncle's son will be very happy, too.
We will become the best nephew and niece of the uncle's son.
So there, for me, this is really important.
Self-respect, respect to the others.
I think I'm just listening to you here. And then versus us.
Knowledge, versus us, is seeing clearly things,
exactly as it is, not understanding our status,
not contesting, believing, but seeing things clearly,
as much as we can see.
Those are seven trade yields.
Really, I explained the seven trade yields,
and those are the supreme.
Among the other great masters,
an early one, I'd say, in relative practice.
So he's making all that wealth, those seven wealth,
those others, supreme wealth, or luxurious items.
And then he said that.
And whoever has contaminant, contaminant,
that is supreme wealth, contaminant.
And even, he said, if you have the contaminant,
even if you don't have anything,
still your heart will be rich.
Heart is rich. Really hard.
That is the rich person.
That's very practical.
Many times, those rich people, wealthy people,
looks like so wealthy,
but they are always striving for this and that.
And then all that, we heard so many times.
The desire, the other whatever, is not necessarily satisfied
and become all, really, so many things.
So many things happening.
Because when you have the contaminant, contaminant,
that is the best wealth, you see.
And then he said, in the teaching,
he said, even if you have the money of wealth,
big wealth is the cause of the many headaches.
In another realm, in the occult and the teaching of the Buddha,
none of those kings, those nine kings,
some had three heads, some had five heads,
some had seven heads, none of the kings.
As much as they have the kings,
they are not king of all wealth, according to the teaching.
But even if they have that many heads, that many troubles.
That many troubles.
Even they are so glorious and so looks like, so special,
but in reality, there are more troubles.
So therefore, again, the greatest teacher will say,
they won't make all the extremes, follow the middle way.
That is simple, beautiful, and very luxurious,
and the heart is quite rich.
So that is so close to the chicken.
And now I'm going to start here.
Thank you very much everyone for coming.
And thank you everyone.